The plan-ish:

Work on exposing versioning more fully.  This is going to be bring it
into the entity page, maybe with a link that brings up a pop-over of
links to the other versions (maybe this is a paginated pop-over?)

maybe there's an option to just view all of the versions in a
non-popover.  Also, should probably contain a link to create a new
version.  I think this should pop up the entity editor, because it
doesn't make much sense to "version" something and keep it exactly the
same.  OTOH, I think versioning should happen totally automatically
based on changes to the entity (annotations, properties etc.)

While doing this think about bringing the download button into this
area too.  Locations are supposedly the same entity in possibly
multiple different places.  Think about resolving links to multiple
location types.

feedback from frederic:
  maybe no description, because it could be long, instead/in addition
  simply have the modified-by and date (shorter version of date)

names seem redundant, treat them like tags
expose the ability to promote an old version to current

comments definitely wanted (by some) Larsson doesn't really think
they're universally useful.



More feedback from larsson on edit label/comment
-- it looks identical to the annotation page (seems like a specialized annotation).
Maybe comments should be there, labels are just super confusing.

Clearly there needs to be a feature design/review meeting about what
versions should be and how it should function (Mette, Larsson, Brian,
Erich, Jon Hill, Mike, me).

This starts today with the talk with Mette.


Talked with Dave.
First, add the ability to specify a comment (/label too?) in the file
upload.  Actually, John's changes to Locationable are going to make
this work obsoletish/easier/totally different.  Thus, back-burner.

- Use the WidgetMenu class to provide the promote and delete
capability for each version.  Do this inline similar to how the
SnapshotWidget does it (at the end, separate column).

Also, change the Label to display as Version _# (maybe get rid of
Version column Header), and then make that the Hyperlink.  The top
version (already being detected), can have the edit icon (gear?) which
allows you to specify the comment and label.

Another nice feature-add would be having the Modified On date have a
tooltip with the full date (or time rather).


---- Refactor
As part of these changes, refactoring the relationship of
EntityPageTop and TitleWidget and EntityMetadata.  EntityMetadata and
should get promoted into a MVP widget that's an injected component of
EPTVI.  TitleWidget meanwhile probably gets subsumed by the expanding
EntityMetadata.  TW is really the limiting factor there, passing
through data through it is unnecessary and time-consuming (coding-wise).


---- Updates to Javaclient
deleteEntityForVersion isn't exposed in the java client
it doesn't look like promoting an entity to current is even supported
REST service side...


---- Demo day

Consensus - don't auto-version except on md5 sum change, allow
explicit versioning
